AWS instructions added (#268)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/platform/cloud-providers.adoc

[[aura-cloud-providers]]
= Aura with cloud provider marketplaces

== Aura Enterprise

label:AuraDB-Enterprise[]
label:AuraDS-Enterprise[]

You can purchase Neo4j Aura Enterprise via private offer through the following cloud provider marketplaces:

* Amazon Web Services (AWS)
* Microsoft Azure (Azure)
* Google Cloud Platform (GCP)

To discuss private offers, contact marketplace-sales@neo4j.com.

== Aura Professional

label:AuraDB-Professional[]
label:AuraDS-Professional[]

You can purchase Neo4j Aura Professional on a pay-as-you-go basis through the following cloud provider marketplaces:

* Amazon Web Services (AWS)
* Google Cloud Platform (GCP)

Purchasing Neo4j Aura Professional through a cloud provider marketplace gives you access to integrated billing and usage reporting in your chosen cloud provider's console.

=== AWS

[discrete]

> ==== 1. Purchase the service

Reviewer: Suggestion: you should be able to use Antora's `:setnums:` instead of hard-coding the section numbers.

Author: it no workie

[[aura-cloud-providers]]
= Aura with cloud provider marketplaces

== Aura Enterprise

label:AuraDB-Enterprise[]
label:AuraDS-Enterprise[]

You can purchase Neo4j Aura Enterprise via private offer through the following cloud provider marketplaces:

* Amazon Web Services (AWS)
* Microsoft Azure (Azure)
* Google Cloud Platform (GCP)

To discuss private offers, contact marketplace-sales@neo4j.com.

== Aura Professional

label:AuraDB-Professional[]
label:AuraDS-Professional[]

You can purchase Neo4j Aura Professional on a pay-as-you-go basis through the following cloud provider marketplaces:

* Amazon Web Services (AWS)
* Google Cloud Platform (GCP)

Purchasing Neo4j Aura Professional through a cloud provider marketplace gives you access to integrated billing and usage reporting in your chosen cloud provider's console.

=== AWS

[discrete]
==== 1. Purchase the service

> To get started, visit the https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-2t3o7mnw5ypee[Neo4j Aura Professional AWS marketplace page] and select *View Purchase options*.

Reviewer: I think "marketplace" should we capitalised here (and in the following when referred to AWS).

From here you will need to select the *Neo4j Aura Professional* Contract option, decide if you would like to auto-renew your contract when it ends, and then select *Create contract*.

[NOTE]
====
While you are shown a $0 yearly contract option, pricing is pay-as-you-go based on usage and not a fixed subscription service.
====

[discrete]
==== 2. Set up your account

To start using Neo4j Aura, select *Click here to set up your account* to be directed to the Aura Console.

If you are not already logged in to the Aura Console, you will be taken to the Neo4j Aura login/sign-up page.
From here you can either log in with an existing Neo4j Aura account or create a new one.

[NOTE]
====
You do not need to use the same email address for your Neo4j Aura account as your AWS account.
====

> If you are creating a Neo4j Aura account for the first time, you will need to confirm your e-mail address and accept the Neo4j Aura Terms of Service before you can access the Aura Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are creating a Neo4j Aura account for the first time, you will need to confirm your email address and accept the Neo4j Aura Terms of Service before you can access the Aura Console.
```
